Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-
Morning.
How come you always wake
up just before my alarm goes off?
I'm your real alarm clock.
Can you take the morning off?
No… I have a meeting this
morning that I can't miss.
Come on. get up.
We have our trip next week anyway.
What?
We are going to Kenting.
Next... next week?
Didn't we talk about going
to Kenting next week?
Shit... shit...
Oh... I was gonna talk
to you about that today.
Barry wants me to help on a shoot.
When?
Next week.
They don’t know the date
yet. It depends on the weather.
Hey. it's a German ad agency
...and the money’s pretty good.
It wasn't easy for me to book the week off.
You know I only get 10
vacation days a year. right?
I'm sorry...
I just... kind of need this job.
I haven't been getting many
work opportunities these days.
When was the last time
we had a trip together?
I want to relax in the fresh
air... I want to get a tan.
Get a tan? ...The roof!
you can go to the roof!
Kat. I'm sorry.
I'm an idiot.
My client base is tiny. I
have to take what I can get.
I’ll talk to Barry and work it out. ok?
Do you wanna take the baozi
from last night for your lunch?
You can have it.
Thanks. babe.
Doctor. I really need to understand...
...and I'm sure I'm speaking
for everyone listening as well...
Why do you and the rest
of the medical community
continue to promote
fear of the Alvin virus.
OK. so the situation is like this:
Most the people believe
that the Alvin virus...
is no more serious than
a mild case of the flu.
Right.
...But experts are terrified of
the mutation potential of Alvin
for a very simple reason. Let me show you.
Take a look.
There are dormant protein chains in Alvin
that are very clearly from
the lyssa order of viruses.
That’s the same order
that rabies is a part of.
Doctor...
I...
Doctor!
I'm worried that maybe one day...
Doctor! Let me speak!
No!
I'm concerned...
You said that already!
And I've heard it.
There have been zero deaths.
so why the scare tactics?
And I find it very convenient that
Alvin just happened to show-up
during an election year.
I'll emphasize this again
Our society must take
this outbreak seriously.
To politicize a virus
is a terrible mistake!
Alvin continues to be a very
real threat to public health...
And it doesn't care who the president is.
Hey!
Are you alright?
You ready?
Did you see that?
What?
Can't you put trash in the bin?
Hey. Jim. Good morning!
Good morning. Mr. Lin.
Hey. are you alright?
Huh?
What's wrong? This is just a cold.
You should go to the hospital.
Hospital? Nah. I’m done
with waiting in hospitals.
Besides. doctors always say the same thing:
"Stay home. get some rest."
That's not a hard thing to say...
I could probably be a doctor.
And all that stuff on the news...
...the pandemic. the virus... it's a hoax.
All those low-lives that
own the media companies...
are blowing this out of proportion
to drive down stock prices.
...So they can buy low. and sell
high when the economy bounces back.
Is that true?
Sure is. Wanna bet?
Well... That’s what I
would do if I had the money.
Anyways. I have too
much of this Thai basil.
I’ll give you some later.
That's great. Thanks. Mr. Lin.
Don’t mention it.
Kat. what time is it?
Almost 8:30.
Mr. Lin.
Bye.
Bye bye.
I'm sorry you had to see that.
I shouldn't have slowed down.
Sorry.
It's alright.
I'll make dinner tonight. ok?
Yay! What are you making?
Dunno yet. ...Something with Thai basil.
I promise you'll love it.
Cool
See you later.
What would you like to have?
Hmm...
I want... an egg roll with fried pork
Got it.
OK.
And a large cup of milk tea.
So. pork egg roll. and
a large milk tea. right?
Right.
For here or to go?
For here.
OK.
Thanks.
Hey. good morning.
Good morning.
You want the usual?
No. I just ate...
I’m just gonna have a medium black coffee
To go.
Thanks.
You got it. I just need
to fill this lady’s order.
OK
(Valued apartments
recommended in Taipei City)
The pandemic is affecting
the real estate market...
Properties are cheaper
than they were last year.
Granny.
Are you alright?
Handsome boy!
That bitch came outta nowhere!
Civil Emergency.
Stay tuned for urgent information.
Good morning everyone.
Pay attention to the following message.
There are some new rules for everyone.
All men must report to the district office.
I'll cut all your dicks off
and feed them to stray dogs.
And for the ladies...
They'll be fucked by dogs in the street.
Is that clear? This is your new life...
"Baby. are you alright?"
”Where are you right now?"
“People are going
crazy. Hurting each other.”
"Don’t come back here... I’ll go to you."
Mr. Lin?
What the fuck?
Hi neighbor!
Nice morning isn't it?
Don't worry...
about your girl...
I'll finger her for you.
Good morning
What are you reading?
Just... just a novel.
I can see that you're focused on that.
No one reads books on the train anymore
They all focus on their phones.
Yeah...
True.
What’s it about?
Sir. I appreciate you trying to be friendly
but I really just want to
focus on my book right now.
Sure... sure... of course...
You would like to
focus on reading. I get it.
Hey...
I actually see you on
the train pretty often...
So...
I thought that today...
I'd... Finally tell you.
That...
I think you are... really beautiful.
Thanks.
Hey. where do you work?
Are you finished?
I already asked you to leave me alone.
Do you want me to charge
you with sexual harassment?
I'm going to bring this to
police if you don't shut up.
What's wrong with people nowadays?
Having a conversation on
the train. is this a crime now?
I'm only trying to
communicate. to be social
and now I'm accused for sexual harassment?
I was polite too!
And I gave compliments!
Sexual harassment?
Women these days are all the same.
Thinking they can be rude
just because they're pretty.
What has happened to this country?
I deserve better than this.
Please take my seat.
Thank you.
What’s happening?
Did I break the record?
Why? Why is he doing this?
It's over now. They caught him.
It's over.
Shut up. you filthy cunt!
"Jim: Don't come back. I'll go to you."
I feel...
I can’t breathe.
You should go. leave me.
No!
We can't stop here! Definitely not!
It's alright.
What’s your name?
I'm Molly.
Molly... I’m Kat.
Listen to me
We are very close to the
exit. Let's keep moving.
Once we're out. We’ll be at the hospital.
We can get your eye taken care of.
Let's go!
Hey. lady!
Where are you running to?
There you are.
Oh. there is another dirty slut.
Stand up!
Wasn't that the fat cunt
on the train? Wait for me!
What the fuck?
Are you blind?
Oh shit!
You ARE blind!
What happened to her?
Help us!
What?
What do you mean?
What ?
He wants to kill us! Please help us!
Who?
Help us!
Hey motherfucker! Did you hurt these women?
Let's see how tough you
are with me. old bastard!
Motherfucker!
Fuck!
Molly please... stand up!
Don't give up!
Hey!
Help us!
I‘ve never had a threesome before!
Go!
I haven't been this hard in years...
You girls are real hot sluts!
What the fuck is wrong with you?
Can’t you see this woman is hurt?
Why didn’t you help us?
What's wrong with her? Is she crazy too?
Which way to the hospital?
The police told me to close the exit.
I saw you two. but I didn’t know...
I... I thought you were
crazy like the other ones.
Alright ! Alright!
Which way to the hospital?
Are you ok?
Can you walk?
I can.
I'll see you later
Let's go!
I don't know who's out there right now.
But if anyone is listening to this
It seems like there's a real.
life-threatening crisis happening.
All I know right now is what I'm
seeing from my online contacts...
The city is experiencing
an outbreak of civil unrest.
whether it be some kind
of organized terrorist attack
or some sort of hallucinatory
drugs in the air or in the water...
or...or whatever.
There are hostile people in
the streets... all over the place...
and they seems to be going
on a homicidal rampage.
I don't know how the cops
are dealing with this shit.
I just hope...
...it's with their guns.
and this is the really fucked up part...
Furthermore...
There has been many reports
of sexual violence as well...
directed toward both women...
and men... young and old.
It's hard for me to believe
what's going on out there...
no matter what happens.
I will keep broadcasting
If you encounter anyone who
is behaving in an unusual way
you should take it really seriously
Take whatever means are
necessary to protect yourself
It's not just strangers.
Your own family members
may attempt to hurt you too.
Shit...
"...Don't come back. I'll go to you"
Please... Please stop...
I’ll do anything.
Hey!
Wake up!
Fuck! I told you don’t hit
him in the head anymore!
If he's unconscious. This won't be as fun?
I have an idea!
Let's do another round of "nutcracker"!
Ready...
1. 2. 3!
Take off his underwear.
You wanna fuck him?
Get the fuck out of
here. you little bastards!
Fuck!
Why'd you stop them?
I was about to shoot my load.
Don't leave! Stick around!
Let's have some fun!
Where are you going?
You think you got rid of us?
Don't leave!
It will be fun!
Civil Emergency.
Stay tuned for urgent information.
...That’s bullshit...
...Look. some areas are in big trouble...
Open up!
She’s hurt! Open up!
OK. open the door.
Be careful! Are you alright?
Sir. excuse me!
Can we have a nurse over here?
Let's make a space for the patient.
The ER has been closed.
You'll have to stay here for now.
Why?
It got overrun...
The police station is just a block away
We were able to react pretty quickly
Some motherfucker...
set a little girl on fire...
It was...
Put pressure on this.
You likely have a concussion.
You'll need to have a CT scan.
Here. Watch your step. OK. Sit down.
Hey! What about me?
It’s not broken. You’ll be fine.
Miss. you can't come with us.
Miss. let's get treament
for you first. okay?
Give us some time.
Thank you for getting me out of there...
Thank you for saving my life...
I won’t forget it.
It's okay. It's okay.
Molly...
take care of yourself.
You're being such a drama queen.
Let's go.
Stay tuned for urgent information.
Hey
May I use your phone?
Oh. OK.
Thank you.
Unlock it.
At ease!
Good morning ladies and gentlemen.
It‘s 11:08 am.
We are broadcasting to you from
the central command room
at the Department of Defense.
The current situation is very serious
We've limited press involvement
Hey! What are you doing?
Signing into the Line app.
I thought you needed to make a call.
Yeah. On Line. Who memorizes phone numbers?
I do. Is that hard for you?
Shut up!
You almost got me raped
and killed. I'm using this phone!
But. we have already arranged
to take reinforcements from
areas with a low infection rate
Now I present our president. Guo-rong Xie.
Good Morning everyone.
I’d like to apologize to you all
for our lack of punctuality in
making this announcement.
Since the first reports of
this disturbance came in
our administration has
been working tirelessly.
At this time
the nation’s scientific
community has not been able to
explain the cause of these
random acts of violence.
But we know this is NOT a hostile invasion.
It's NOT a chemical weapon nor
population destabilizing agent...
Many of you may be having
these kinds of cinematic theories.
But there is currently no evidence...
...to make any conclusion about
the cause of this phenomenon.
But the critical factor is
how we confront this threat...
and we are confronting
it swiftly and efficiently.
Since the beginning of time. mankind has...
What the fuck is this?
A history lesson?
Although there is no
evidence that the Alvin virus
is responsible for the current disturbances
it should not be ruled
out as a possibility.
We must work together
This is the biggest challenge
in the history of our country.
I promise you all
we will prevail!
Thank you.
As President Xie has outlined
we are likely dealing
with a contagious disease
that essentially
transforms normal people
into homicidal sadistic maniacs.
According to our big data resources
estimates of nation-wide infection
are between 15 to 20 percent.
Let me do the arithmetic for you...
that’s 4.5 million
infected people and rising.
These 4.5 million infected people...
are out there in the streets right now.
Murder. rape and torture...
Is only the beginning of what
these people are capable of.
We must come together as citizens...
and follow the plan developed by
the Ministry of Homeland Security.
as President Xie has previously stated:
Full transparency...
...will serve best in
accomplishing our goals.
What the fuck do we do now?
Just shut up. will you?
You have a big mouth for such a little man!
You have a problem. motherfucker?
I didn’t vote for that bastard!
You're a coward. aren't you?
What the fuck did you say?
I'll teach you!
Don't fight here!
Hey!
Get out of my way!
What the fuck?
Everyone back off!
Give me my phone!
Everyone back off! Get back!
Everyone back off!
You fucking cunt. Cock-sucking
whore! Give me my phone!
Hey...
I remember you.
Where’s your pretty friend?
You know what?
Oh boy...
I'm going to have a lot of fun with you.
No. no!
No...No...
"Kat: I lost my phone."
"I'm at NTU hospital."
"I'm not hurt."
Hello?
Are you ok? Where are you? What's going on?
Kat. are you ok?
I’m on my way. are you alright?
I’m not hurt. I’m at NTU hospital.
I think the cops are dead...
And there are only crazy people here now
I don’t know where to go.
I don’t know what to do...
Can you help me?
I really don’t know what to do...
I don’t know...
OK. Kat. listen to me.
Take a deep breath... try to calm down...
You need to try to keep
it together right now.
Ok...
The main road is blocked now.
I'm going to have to take the long way.
But I’ll be there. Okay?
I’m so scared...
Find a place to hide...
Right. Find a place to hide
Then you
Send me a Line message
to let me know where you are.
I can’t send you a
message... this isn' t my phone.
Okay...
You can call me. I can't call you.
You can call.
OK. I got it.
I’ll call you again when I’m there.
I’ll let you know when I get there.
I’ll be there. Okay?
Okay. okay.
Just put the phone on silent.
Jim
I love you
I need you to know...
You mean so much to me...
Jim?
Are you still there?
Say something.
Are you all right?
Say something!
Yes
I was...
I got a little light-headed...
I really love you.
I love you too.
I’ll be there soon.
Little worm...
I’m glad you’re here.
You know what? I always
had trouble making friends.
I guess...
I just needed to meet the right people.
This is my kiss! I’m kissing you to death!
Open the door! Whore! Open the door!
Hey!
I’m not going to stop until
I've fucked you to death.
Fuck you!!! Open it!
Sorry. boys... this slut’s all mine.
You think that fat girl got away. huh?
Her eyeball fluid is drying on
my dick right now. How about that?
By the time I finished. she
was begging me to keep going.
And you're next...
Wait and see!
A dripping cunt. hungry for my dick.
I was able to fuck the fat girl
because of you. Thanks for that.
You are just like me...
Violent...
and depraved.
Are… are you?
Hey
Move to the shower.
There is a set of handcuffs. Cuff yourself.
What?
Cuff yourself to the pipe. now!
No.
I don’t want to do this.
But I don’t know you.
and I don’t know if you are infected.
Please do as I say. I am
absolutely prepared to kill you.
Move.
Cuff yourself.
Sorry.
I know it’s cold. It’s a
chemical disinfecting solution.
I’m not sure if it will work.
But it’s better than nothing.
It stinks.
You’ll have to endure it.
You don't seem infected.
You might be immune.
There's a small possibility.
What’s your blood type?
Take off your clothes.
They are covered in contaminated tissue.
I’ll give you dry scrubs.
How am I supposed to
undress myself like this?
You'll figure it out.
Are you a doctor?
Virologist.
Why are you here in the maternity ward?
They were renovating
this floor. It's been empty.
This door is actually the
strongest door in the whole hospital.
Maternity wards have
these thick metal doors.
I guess its so parents feel
like their babies are safe.
But who would ever want to steal a baby?
Do you have children?
No.
Can you turn around?
Oh.
No kids... You are lucky.
I feel sorry for those who have kids.
This Alvin virus has ruined our
lives and destroyed the future.
Are you done?
If you are infected. you should
be showing symptoms already.
I’ll take some blood samples
from you after you are dressed.
Sorry if I scared you with the gun.
It’s just for protection.
A few months ago
I realized I might need a
gun so I 3D-printed one.
This is definitely not a toy.
And luckily. I kept a few rounds...
as souvenirs from my
military service. Got it?
For a full year. I tried to tell
people this virus would mutate.
But no one trusts doctors anymore.
Everything must be politicized.
There can no longer be truth.
Politicians are the worst.
A nation-wide lockdown probably
felt like career suicide to them.
It’s an election year...
and they don’t want to risk...
driving the country into a recession.
This virus... It's like being
possessed by an evil spirit.
It affects the limbic system in our brain.
It connects the area that
regulates aggression...
to the area that governs sexual drive.
These areas of the brain
aren’t terribly dissimilar.
This is quite academic. are you following?
But...
I believe this viral mutation
happened by natural processes.
The limbic system is no joke.
We think humans are intelligent
organisms that can reason...
and make logical decisions.
But...
the reality is
we are slaves to our limbic systems.
The higher brain exists only to serve it.
Incidentally. there are documented cases
where patients with damaged limbic systems
are unable to escape
the feeling of intense thirst.
They would keep drinking and drinking
until they drown themselves!
That’s the really unnerving part.
Those infected men. who
went after you in the hallway...
They likely understand
that the things they are doing
are vile and repugnant.
But the desire is too
strong for them to resist.
Asking them not to
indulge in those vile desires
is like asking you not to blink.
It’s hard not to blink. right?
Who knows. maybe they’re
crying because they feel guilty.
The virus leaves virtually
every brain function intact.
And it doesn't impede
the imagination at all.
On the contrary...
it makes you do the most
horrific things you can imagine.
I think this is why the
infected don't attack each other.
For them to be satisfied.
their victims must suffer.
You can’t rape the willing. right?
Right?
How do you know if you never tried?
Hey. are you done?
Let’s run the blood test.
Just a minute...
It didn't have to be this complicated...
Forget about the blood test.
I just injected you with a
culture of the Alvin virus.
If you are not immune. you
will exhibit symptoms very soon.
I’m going to check on you in 5 minutes.
If you are not showing
any signs of infection...
We'll go to the roof.
There will be a helicopter for us.
We might be able to use
you to develop a vaccine.
If I open the curtain and find you infected
I’ll kill you.
I know you don’t trust me.
Nor would you want to leave with me.
But think about it.
Your blood could be used to save lives.
Who knows? Maybe you could save the world.
Fuck.
When I got here. The staff was gone.
But there were 8 infants abandoned here.
I could barely convince the
government to pick me up.
Those maniacs... if they
had found those babies...
They would have fucked them...
...Then they would have eaten them.
If I didn’t kill them...
They would be in worse hands.
Then I realized. maybe one of these babies
might be able to generate
valuable antibodies.
So I injected them all with the virus.
Have I done something wrong?
Have I done something wrong?!
They would be dead anyway!
I made the most logical
decision that was available to me.
Do you get that? Huh?
They all got infected. not
a single one was immune.
I guess one was a little
more tenacious than the rest...
He managed to survive a little longer.
That's all
“8th floor maternity
ward. This man has a gun.”
“Pick up at NTU hospital. rooftop helipad”
“ETA: 5 minutes. Dr. A.
Wong. Chief of Virology.”
How do you feel right now?
Put that gun away...
Where’s the axe?
Is your pussy getting wet?
The next...
Fuck!
You fucking piece of shit! Motherfucker!
Get me up!
You won’t have the access
to the roof without me!
Why are you still standing
there? Help me up!
Fuck!
Get me up!
Now move!
They are not going to take you like this.
Shut up. hurry up!
Kat...
I made it.
I promised you I'd make it here...
Oh?
Is this your new boyfriend?
No. Jim.
Are you running away from me now?
Thank you for taking care of Kat.
Now...
I’m going to chop your dick off.
and feed it you!
You motherfucker!
No!
Move!
I killed those babies... and...
It felt so good... so good.
You found me.
Kat...
open the gate.
How does it feel?
It feels...
wonderful...
I feel like...
I finally have a purpose in life.
What purpose?
You... you are my purpose.
Kat...
listen to me...
When I heard your voice today...
on the phone...
You sounded so scared.
You said you needed me.
I knew I had to find you.
I needed to be with you.
And then...
cut your tits off.
And smash your face.
Kat. look at me.
I’ll peel your skin off... So slowly.
Look at me.
Kat...
Don't you realize how much I need you?
Don't you realize how much I love you?
Hey. I really love you.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org